OKTA-413125 post tuscany edits part3 and nut-fact additions (#2852)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/main/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

<StackSelector />

> This guide covers a sequence of steps to follow to build an app allowing users to sign in with the Facebook social Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers a sequence of steps that you can follow to build an app that allows users to sign in with the Facebook social Identity Provider.
```
